yeah yeah yeah yeah there's so many yeah
that's right plant city yeah let me
start off by telling you a story of how
i met this girl on the snowy winter
morning up in the science class and a
smile with the drawing but when I went
to hit her up she pretty much ignoring
me now when the wine the coolest cab
with it but I never go to class girl
except when you win it and I got the
seven digits if you just give me a
minute she just turned around and smiled
and she died like the division boy but
I'm never ever ever gonna forfeit no one
don't play football that in the port him
I know you ain't that foreign come on
with a ass all the guys stand rat trying
to see the thong they never get it but
girl I'm never quitting and I'm gonna be
a star so that life you can live it and
I think about you walking through the
lunch line you get in the salad i'm
staying at the table cuz i'm robert line
there ain't enough lines to tell you how
i feel that the truth what I speak
because the truth is was real and all I
think about is how to make you notice
and I'm sure there is a way but I don't
know we only see me when I'm riding
ma'am
she'll wanna you from laying around
but I promise imma do whatever it takes
get up
yes you feel
he was a clever
one day I can take a run around and I
miss 70 whatever take together
get up so I decided to take a while to
her nervous as I'm walking through the
library's cut you with my eyes very
cluttered with her giving me that sex
look take a seat awkwardly pull out my
math textbook yeah girl I'm trying to
solve equations but me plus nu equal a
date next weekend and I know man I got a
date to prom so come on don't discredit
cab kind of turn you on and I kind of
need an answer cuz I think about you all
the time the situation running over all
the way in my mind it's fine but could
you tell me are you with me I know I
ain't the best for my mom's think I'm
pretty and I know you always hear about
the kid who got big dreams but for this
wrapping should I even quit the
team so you can tell that I'm a pastor
guy in the friend zone is wherever I
would usually like yup before the
problems the cool kid the athlete
musician magician the stoner maybe the
Rat King it doesn't matter what I
finally came to see everything that I
was doing I just watching a machine when
I'm riding around playing it down she'll
not to talk to play around
summer to whatever
soon as I described
I can take a look around
yeah i'm riding lamp booking a damn
she'll want talk from laying around
Primus do whatever it take get you yeah
she don't see that i drive a damn music
lab hoping one day and take her around
but I promise do whatever it takes get
you get you yeah promise something do
whatever it's gonna work out
one day one day yeah got it I never met
a girl just like you she party can't be
there she gets down when it's
just us two my heart beats oddly when
she's around
yeah we have a great
maybe every step of the grill
let me tell you from my life Cheryl on a
search and I'm looking for the right
girl we could party all day till the
night girl get it right and I never
wanna fight girl we can have anything
you can have it how I take you out to
the mall even though I never come we got
it we made it on the top getting super
faded set screens are coming to rest
because of our top down with me and
Alexi so where are you wet